Project: Little Shop Redux
Group Member Names: Matt Bricker, Rob McCluskey, Sabrina Robinson
Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project?
Deep understanding of Sinatra, and all new technologies and syntax.

Goals and expectations:
Better organizational skills

Team strengths: Great communication skills collectively. We are good at asking clarifying questions.

How to overcome obstacles: After 30 minutes of struggle - reach out for help! Try to use our new resource to find new methods that ActiveRecord already utilizes.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually?):
Matt - I have a few things scheduled throughout the week, but open otherwise. I am booked Friday afternoons/evenings, Tuesdays 4:30-6:30 and Wednesdays after 8.
Rob - Any time before or after school, and weekends, except Thursday Evening
Sabrina - I’m a morning person so I like to work before class. I’d like to enjoy a full 30 min of lunch if we do decide to work during the lunch hour. I will need to let my dog out from time to time. I have 5 scheduled mentor meeting Tuesday evening, Wednesday morning and evening, Saturday and Sunday.

Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open?):
Keeping in touch via Slack while not in person.  Talking every day, with possible exception of a weekend day.

Abilities Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement):
Wanting to learn.

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):
Equal work with the backbone of the code and the styling. We all need to learn it and want to contribute that learning.

Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests):
Always working from local branches. When working together the branches will be based on which iteration we are working on. As much as possible we should not merge our own pull request.

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback:
Specific, Actionable, Kind - as soon as possible and not over slack.

Ideas:
red, green, refactor.

Tools:
Ruby, Sinatra, ActiveRecord

Additional Notes:
